Kayas Data:
    1. Inhomogeneous Shuffling:
    Problem:
        The train/test/val sets are shuffled, but not cross-wise - every
        set is shuffled internally.
        Additionally, the 3 sets are the 3 chunks of the original data:
            train = first 60% of the data
            test = middle 20% of the data
            val = last 20% of the data
        If there is a difference between data coming from the beginning/middle/end of the EEG recording,
        then the test and val sets won't be suitable : the model will be under-fitted.
        because it won't be familiar with examples from the end of the recording.

    Solution:
    This can be corrected by shuffling the dataset before splitting it into train/test/val sets.

    According to the latest update, the shuffle is a shuffled list of indices of
    the original data (before batching) - meaning, the number of indices is equal to
    the number of samples, and not to the number of batches.

    If instead, we had a list of shuffled indices of the batched data - meaning,
    the number of indices is equal to the number of batches - we could then have
    the train/test/val sets be 0.6/0.2/0.2 fractional-subsets of the index list.

    2. In Place Batching:
        Problem:
        The batched data is way too heavy to run any kind of operations on.
        We are currently not running any operations on it (for exactly that reason),
        and managing fine.
        But this is still heavy on the storage.

        Solution:
        We could leave the original data untouched, and simply track the indices
        of the samples and batches.
        Every batch would be indicated by a starting index(the length of the batch is constant),
        and we would have a shuffled list of starting indices for the whole dataset.
        Then, the train/test/val will each take it's fractional subset (0.6-0.2-0.2) from
        that shuffled list:
            The train set will iterate through the first 0.6-subset of the shuffled index list
            the test set "                    " the second 0.2-subset "                        "
            the val set "                     " the third 0.2-subset "                        "